Add Vade Cloud docs (#1206)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/email/vade_cloud.md

uuid: 838ed6e5-6d5e-4a5b-b079-ab35ac6b2ab9
name: Vade Cloud
type: intake

## Overview

Vade Cloud offers all protections against threats for any email inbox.

In this documentation we will explain how to collect and send Vade Cloud logs to SEKOIA.IO.

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_838ed6e5-6d5e-4a5b-b079-ab35ac6b2ab9_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/838ed6e5-6d5e-4a5b-b079-ab35ac6b2ab9.md!}

## Configure

### Create the intake in SEKOIA.IO

Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `Vade Cloud`. Copy the intake key.

### Pull events

To start to pull events, you have to:

1. Go to the [playbooks page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/playbooks) and create a new playbook with the `Fetch new logs from Vade Cloud` trigger

> 2. Set up the module configuration with the base URL of your Netskope instance. Set up the trigger configuration with the API token and the intake key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up the module configuration with the base URL of your Vade Cloud instance, the username and the user password.
```
